allow add-headers-with-raise (#675)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/references/errors.rst

Errors
######

> PostgREST error messages follow the PostgreSQL error structure. It includes ``MESSAGE``, ``DETAIL``, ``HINT``, ``ERRCODE`` and will add an HTTP status code to the response. Since *PostgREST 11.3.0*, you can add HTTP headers to the response as well.

Reviewer: I think this is not necessary. We can better highlight the feature on the release page like we did for "domain representations": https://github.com/PostgREST/postgrest/releases/tag/v11.2.0

```suggestion
PostgREST error messages follow the PostgreSQL error structure. It includes ``MESSAGE``, ``DETAIL``, ``HINT``, ``ERRCODE`` and will add an HTTP status code to the response.
```

    "code": "PT402"
  }

.. _raise_headers:

> Add HTTP Headers with RAISE error
> ---------------------------------

Reviewer: The shorter the better. RAISE already means errors. 

```suggestion
Add HTTP Headers with RAISE
---------------------------
```

> You can add custom HTTP status and  headers to the response by raising a ``PGRST`` SQLSTATE error. You can achieve this by adding the ``code``, ``message``, ``detail`` and ``hint`` in the postgresql error message field as a JSON object. Here, the ``details`` and ``hint`` are optional. Similarly, the ``status`` and ``headers`` must be added to the SQL error detail field as a JSON object. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add custom HTTP status and headers to the response by raising a ``PGRST`` SQLSTATE error. You can achieve this by adding the ``code``, ``message``, ``detail`` and ``hint`` in the postgresql error message field as a JSON object. Here, the ``details`` and ``hint`` are optional. Similarly, the ``status`` and ``headers`` must be added to the SQL error detail field as a JSON object. For instance:
```

.. code-block:: sql

  RAISE sqlstate 'PGRST' USING
      message = '{"code":"123","message":"Payment Required","details":"Quota exceeded","hint":"Upgrade your plan"}',

>       detail = '{"status":402,"headers":{"X-Powered-By":"PHP/5.4.0"}}';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      details = '{"status":402,"headers":{"X-Powered-By":"PHP/5.4.0"}}';
```

Author: I think it is `detail`.

Reviewer: Oops, my bad.

>       detail = '{"status":402,"headers":{"X-Powered-By":"PHP/5.4.0"}}';

Reviewer: Why PHP? :smile:

How about one of https://www.pingdom.com/blog/fun-and-unusual-http-response-headers/ :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes: 

```suggestion
      detail = '{"status":402,"headers":{"X-Powered-By":"Nerd Rage"}}';
```

Returns:

.. code-block:: http

  HTTP/1.1 402 Payment Required
  Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
  X-Powered-By: Nerd Rage

  {
    "message": "Payment Required",
    "details": "Quota exceeded",
    "hint": "Upgrade your plan",
    "code": "123"
  }
  

For non standard HTTP status, you can optionally add ``status_text`` to describe the status code. For status code ``419`` the detail field may look like this:

.. code-block:: sql

>   detail = '{"status":419,"status_text":"Page Expired","headers":{"X-Powered-By":"PHP/5.4.0"}}';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  detail = '{"status":419,"status_text":"Page Expired","headers":{"X-Powered-By":"Nerd Rage"}}';
```

> If PostgREST couldn't parse the JSON objects ``message`` and ``detail``, it would throw a ``PGRST121`` error. See :ref:`Errors from PostgREST<pgrst1**>`.

Reviewer: I think this is clearer in the present form
```suggestion
If PostgREST can't parse the JSON objects ``message`` and ``detail``, it will throw a ``PGRST121`` error. See :ref:`Errors from PostgREST<pgrst1**>`.
```

|               |             | ``is.null`` or ``not.is.null`` :ref:`operators <operators>`.|
| PGRST120      |             |                                                             |
+---------------+-------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+

> | .. _pgrst121: | 400         | PostgREST couldn't parse the JSON objects in RAISE          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| .. _pgrst121: | 400         | PostgREST can't parse the JSON objects in RAISE            |
```
